README.md, before:

# NAME

Pod::Readme - generate README files from POD

# VERSION

v1.0.0\_02

# SYNOPSIS

In a module's POD:

    =head1 NAME

    MyApp - my nifty app

    =for readme plugin version

    =head1 DESCRIPTION

    This is a nifty app.

    =begin :readme

    =for readme plugin requires

    =head1 INSTALLATION

    ...

    =end :readme

    =for readme stop

    =head1 METHODS

    ...

Then from the command-line:

    pod2readme lib/MyModule.pm README

# DESCRIPTION

This module filters POD to generate a `README` file, by using POD
commands to specify which parts are included or excluded from the
`README` file.

See the [Pod::Readme](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Readme) documentation for more details on the POD
syntax that this module recognizes.

See [pod2readme](https://metacpan.org/pod/pod2readme) for command-line usage.

# REQUIREMENTS

This distribution requires Perl v5.10.1.

This distribution requires the following modules:

- [CPAN::Changes](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Changes) (version 0.30)
- [CPAN::Meta](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta)
- [Exporter::Lite](https://metacpan.org/pod/Exporter::Lite)
- [File::Slurp](https://metacpan.org/pod/File::Slurp)
- [Getopt::Long::Descriptive](https://metacpan.org/pod/Getopt::Long::Descriptive)
- [Moose](https://metacpan.org/pod/Moose)
- [MooseX::Object::Pluggable](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Object::Pluggable)
- [MooseX::Types::IO](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Types::IO)
- [MooseX::Types::Path::Class](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Types::Path::Class)
- [namespace::autoclean](https://metacpan.org/pod/namespace::autoclean)
- [Path::Class](https://metacpan.org/pod/Path::Class) (version 0.33)
- [Test::Most](https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Most)
- [Try::Tiny](https://metacpan.org/pod/Try::Tiny)

This distribution recommends the following modules:

- [Pod::Man](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Man)
- [Pod::Markdown](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Markdown)
- [Pod::Simple::LaTeX](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Simple::LaTeX)

# RECENT CHANGES

## Documentation

- Added missing date to Changes.
- Fixed typos in POD and README.
- Added stub POD to Pod::Readme::Filter.
- Fixed a daft typo in the Changes file.

## Enhancements

- Added parse\_from\_file and parse\_from\_filehandle methods for backwards compatability.

## Other Changes

- Added more tests.
- The bugtracker URL now refers to the GitHub issues list at https://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme/issues instead of RT.
- Added a version to all modules in the distribution, and a version QA test to the repo.

See the `Changes` file for a longer revision history.

# CAVEATS

This module is intended to be used by module authors for their own
modules.  It is not recommended for generating `README` files from
arbitrary Perl modules from untrusted sources.

# SEE ALSO

See [perlpod](https://metacpan.org/pod/perlpod), [perlpodspec](https://metacpan.org/pod/perlpodspec) and [podlators](https://metacpan.org/pod/podlators).

# AUTHORS

The original version was by Robert Rothenberg <rrwo@cpan.org> until
2010, when maintenance was taken over by David Precious
<davidp@preshweb.co.uk>.

In 2014, Robert Rothenberg rewrote the module to use filtering instead
of subclassing a POD parser.

## Suggestions, Bug Reporting and Contributing

This module is developed on GitHub at
[http://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme](http://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme)

# LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2005-2014 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

Commit message:

Tweaked README with install instructions

README.md, after:

# NAME

Pod::Readme - generate README files from POD

# VERSION

v1.0.0\_02

# SYNOPSIS

In a module's POD:

    =head1 NAME

    MyApp - my nifty app

    =for readme plugin version

    =head1 DESCRIPTION

    This is a nifty app.

    =begin :readme

    =for readme plugin requires

    =head1 INSTALLATION

    ...

    =end :readme

    =for readme stop

    =head1 METHODS

    ...

Then from the command-line:

    pod2readme lib/MyModule.pm README

# DESCRIPTION

This module filters POD to generate a `README` file, by using POD
commands to specify which parts are included or excluded from the
`README` file.

See the [Pod::Readme](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Readme) documentation for more details on the POD
syntax that this module recognizes.

See [pod2readme](https://metacpan.org/pod/pod2readme) for command-line usage.

# INSTALLATION

See
[How to install CPAN modules](http://www.cpan.org/modules/INSTALL.html).

## Required Modules

This distribution requires Perl v5.10.1.

This distribution requires the following modules:

- [CPAN::Changes](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Changes)
- [CPAN::Meta](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta)
- [Exporter::Lite](https://metacpan.org/pod/Exporter::Lite)
- [File::Slurp](https://metacpan.org/pod/File::Slurp)
- [Getopt::Long::Descriptive](https://metacpan.org/pod/Getopt::Long::Descriptive)
- [Moose](https://metacpan.org/pod/Moose)
- [MooseX::Object::Pluggable](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Object::Pluggable)
- [MooseX::Types::IO](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Types::IO)
- [MooseX::Types::Path::Class](https://metacpan.org/pod/MooseX::Types::Path::Class)
- [namespace::autoclean](https://metacpan.org/pod/namespace::autoclean)
- [Path::Class](https://metacpan.org/pod/Path::Class) (version 0.33)
- [Test::Most](https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Most)
- [Try::Tiny](https://metacpan.org/pod/Try::Tiny)

This distribution recommends the following modules:

- [Pod::Man](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Man)
- [Pod::Markdown](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Markdown)
- [Pod::Simple::LaTeX](https://metacpan.org/pod/Pod::Simple::LaTeX)

# RECENT CHANGES

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed minimum version of some prerequisites for tests.

## Documentation

- Added missing date to Changes.
- Fixed typos in POD and README.
- Added stub POD to Pod::Readme::Filter.
- Fixed a daft typo in the Changes file.
- Documented known issue in the requires plugin.

## Enhancements

- Added parse\_from\_file and parse\_from\_filehandle methods for backwards compatability.

## Other Changes

- Added more tests.
- The bugtracker URL now refers to the GitHub issues list at https://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme/issues instead of RT.
- Added a version to all modules in the distribution, and a version QA test to the repo.

See the `Changes` file for a longer revision history.

# CAVEATS

This module is intended to be used by module authors for their own
modules.  It is not recommended for generating `README` files from
arbitrary Perl modules from untrusted sources.

# SEE ALSO

See [perlpod](https://metacpan.org/pod/perlpod), [perlpodspec](https://metacpan.org/pod/perlpodspec) and [podlators](https://metacpan.org/pod/podlators).

# AUTHORS

The original version was by Robert Rothenberg <rrwo@cpan.org> until
2010, when maintenance was taken over by David Precious
<davidp@preshweb.co.uk>.

In 2014, Robert Rothenberg rewrote the module to use filtering instead
of subclassing a POD parser.

## Suggestions, Bug Reporting and Contributing

This module is developed on GitHub at
[http://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme](http://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme)

# LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2005-2014 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
