=head1 NAME

Pod::Readme - generate README files from POD

=head1 VERSION

v1.0.0_02

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In a module's POD:

  =head1 NAME

  MyApp - my nifty app

  =for readme plugin version

  =head1 DESCRIPTION

  This is a nifty app.

  =begin :readme

  =for readme plugin requires

  =head1 INSTALLATION

  ...

  =end :readme

  =for readme stop

  =head1 METHODS

  ...

Then from the command-line:

  pod2readme lib/MyModule.pm README

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module filters POD to generate a F<README> file, by using POD
commands to specify which parts are included or excluded from the
F<README> file.

See the L<Pod::Readme> documentation for more details on the POD
syntax that this module recognizes.

See L<pod2readme> for command-line usage.

=head1 INSTALLATION

See
L<How to install CPAN modules|http://www.cpan.org/modules/INSTALL.html>.

=head2 Required Modules

This distribution requires Perl v5.10.1.

This distribution requires the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<CPAN::Changes> (version 0.30)

=item * L<CPAN::Meta>

=item * L<Exporter::Lite>

=item * L<File::Slurp>

=item * L<Getopt::Long::Descriptive>

=item * L<Moose>

=item * L<MooseX::Object::Pluggable>

=item * L<MooseX::Types::IO>

=item * L<MooseX::Types::Path::Class>

=item * L<namespace::autoclean>

=item * L<Path::Class> (version 0.33)

=item * L<Test::Most>

=item * L<Try::Tiny>

=back

This distribution recommends the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Pod::Man>

=item * L<Pod::Markdown>

=item * L<Pod::Simple::LaTeX>

=back

=head1 RECENT CHANGES

=head2 Bug Fixes

=over 4

=item * 

Fixed minimum version of some prerequisites for tests.

=back

=head2 Documentation

=over 4

=item * 

Added missing date to Changes.

=item * 

Fixed typos in POD and README.

=item * 

Added stub POD to Pod::Readme::Filter.

=item * 

Fixed a daft typo in the Changes file.

=item * 

Documented known issue in the requires plugin.

=item * 

The README is now a POD document.

=back

=head2 Enhancements

=over 4

=item * 

Added parse_from_file and parse_from_filehandle methods for backwards compatability.

=back

=head2 Other Changes

=over 4

=item * 

Added more tests.

=item * 

The bugtracker URL now refers to the GitHub issues list at https://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme/issues instead of RT.

=item * 

Added a version to all modules in the distribution, and a version QA test to the repo.

=back

See the F<Changes> file for a longer revision history.

=head1 CAVEATS

This module is intended to be used by module authors for their own
modules.  It is not recommended for generating F<README> files from
arbitrary Perl modules from untrusted sources.

=head1 SEE ALSO

See L<perlpod>, L<perlpodspec> and L<podlators>.

=head1 AUTHORS

The original version was by Robert Rothenberg <rrwo@cpan.org> until
2010, when maintenance was taken over by David Precious
<davidp@preshweb.co.uk>.

In 2014, Robert Rothenberg rewrote the module to use filtering instead
of subclassing a POD parser.

=head2 Suggestions, Bug Reporting and Contributing

This module is developed on GitHub at
L<http://github.com/bigpresh/Pod-Readme>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2005-2014 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

